fix(plugin): Fixed batch plugin stuck when underlying batch is collected (#543)
ovh/utask: pkg/plugins/builtin/batch/README.md

# `batch` Plugin

This plugin creates a batch of tasks based on the same template and waits for it to complete. It acts like the `subtask` combined with a `foreach`, but doesn't modify the resolution by adding new steps dynamically. As it makes less calls to the underlying database, this plugin is suited for large batches of tasks, where the `subtask` / `foreach` combination would usually struggle, especially by bloating the database.
Tasks belonging to the same batch share a common `BatchID` as well as a tag holding their parent's ID.

##### Remarks:

> Like the subtask plugin, it's unadvised to have a step based on the batch plugin running alongside other steps in a template. If these other steps take time to return a result, the batch plug may miss the wake up call from its children tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like the subtask plugin, it's unadvised to have a step based on the batch plugin running alongside other steps in a template. If these other steps takes time to return a result, the batch plugin may miss the wake up call from its children tasks.
```
